today we will learn the basics of how to
use battlefield twos battle recorder
step 1 you will want to start up bf2
under the multiplayer tab in the main
menu select create local
under available maps select coop instead
of conquest this will enable computer
players on the map you can adjust the
settings to your liking and start the
game
you
bring down the console with the end
button or tilt a button to create a new
battle recorder file in the console type
demo dot record demo space then the name
you want to call the file
come on we don't have all day here just
make a name
play the round as you usually would you
know pone some computer noobs using
battle recorder with BOTS should only be
used to make sweet action movies but do
not show your skills of against computer
players that is lame walking in the
sunshine Sanger the sunshine song
but a smile before the round ends go
back to the console and type demo dot
stop recording the console should
confirm this by stating stopping
recording dot dot dot
next go to your EA games folder slash
battlefield 2 slash muds /bf 2 slash
demos slash
I repeat
go to your EA games folder slash
battlefield 2 slash muds /bf to slash
demos slash
you
then copy the name of your file you
created but be sure to only copy the dot
demo file and not the bf2 cam file
you
then go to your documents and settings
on the default Drive that battlefield 2
is saved on go to My Documents slash
battlefield 2 slash profile slash
default slash demos then you want to
paste your demo file into the demos
folder we are almost there
so calm down there chief
start battlefield 2 up again in the main
menu hit the community tab then select
your demo file and hit the play file
button located in the lower right hand
corner
the file should load just as if you were
loading a live game once in game use the
cue button and look at the options it
gives you use your WS addy keys and
mouse to fly around the map like a
spectator to record all your sweet
footage you will need a screen capture
program may I suggest fraps the website
is fraps dot-com if you are a cheap
bastard just use the demo of fraps which
places a shitty watermark on your video
now enjoy all of this unedited action
remember this tutorial may not apply to
you because of the different way your
computer hard drives may be set up if
anything you can at least take some
simple steps away from this to figure
out how to get your battle recorder to
work
so thanks champ for watching
I owe you one you got it need first day
leave Emily grenade out we are losing
this battle fight harder or I'll find
someone who will
oops I guess I got carried away
this is the worst-looking had I ever saw
oh it looks good on you